My name is Mohd Salimullah and I am a Full Stack Developer Trainee at Revature with a focus in Project Development And Management. My dream is to become a Full Stack Software Developer from my school days and now I am very passionate about this. I believe that I can grasp new things very easily and quickly. I always like to explore new technologies.
During my graduation, in Computer Science & Engineering from Shaheed Bhagat Singh State Technical Campus,Now(Shaheed Bhagat Singh State University), I underwent  "Web Development Using Python-Django"  Training Program. After that, I developed my web application named "Speedex courier service: Innovative speedex courier service is a web based application used to manage the work,regarding courier services in effective manner" . I have an experience in both backend technologies (including Java, SQL, Spring framework, and Microservices architecture) as well as frontend development (including HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap).
I'm a goal-talented, determined and ambitious person with a passion for software development. My eagerness to learn and motivated attitude is reflected in my previous work. I used to solve coding challenges in my free time and had completed the Java(Basic) certification from HackerRank.  I really enjoy collaborative team environments where I can learn from others, and I had worked hard to improve my interpersonal and communication skills. I look forward with all of my skills and prior experience to always add some value to my organization.
